logging docs: mention other sinks (#471)
stackabletech/documentation: modules/concepts/pages/logging.adoc

== Architecture

Below you can see the overall architecture using ZooKeeper as an example.
Stackable uses https://vector.dev/[Vector] for log aggregation and any of the supported https://vector.dev/docs/reference/configuration/sinks/[sinks] can be used to persist the logs.

image::logging_architecture.drawio.svg[]

=== Log source

You configure your logging settings in the resource describing the cluster (ZookeeperCluster in this example), seen in the top left in the diagram (see the <<configuration, configuration>> section below).
The operator reads this resource and creates the appropriate log configuration files in the ConfigMap which also holds other product configuration.
The ConfigMap is then mounted into the containers.
The ZooKeeper Pod has three containers: The `prepare` sidecar container, the `zookeeper` container and the `vector` https://vector.dev/docs/setup/deployment/roles/#sidecar[sidecar container].
All logs get written into a shared mounted directory, from which the Vector agent reads them and sends them to the vector https://vector.dev/docs/setup/deployment/roles/#aggregator[aggregator].

=== Aggregator and sinks

> The aggregator is configured to use one or multiple https://vector.dev/docs/reference/configuration/sinks/[sinks] (for example OpenSearch, Elasticsearch, WebHDFS), it sends all logs to all sinks.

Reviewer: Example configurations for OpenSearch/Elasticsearch and WebHDFS would be helpful in this documentation. The link to the logging demo is not enough because there is also no configuration shown.

Author: I agree that this would be useful, but I think it is outside of the scope of #470. I have made a ticket for it though: https://github.com/stackabletech/documentation/issues/476

== Further Reading

To get some hands on experience and see logging in action, try out the xref:demos:logging.adoc[logging demo].

> You can read more about the https://vector.dev/docs/setup/deployment/topologies/#centralized[Vector topology] or https://vector.dev/docs/reference/configuration/sinks/[sinks].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Vector documentation conains more information about the https://vector.dev/docs/setup/deployment/topologies/#centralized[deployment topology] and https://vector.dev/docs/reference/configuration/sinks/[sinks].
```
